Fixed GSAP install instructions (#153)
nasa/ow_simulator: oceanwaters/doc/setup_dev_env.md

export GSAP_HOME=/home/<username>/gsap
```

NOTE: for convenience, you may wish to add the previous command to your shell

> initialization file (e.g. `.profile` or '.bashrc'), since they are needed every

Reviewer: ```suggestion
initialization file (e.g. `.profile` or `.bashrc`), since they are needed every
```
